README.md, before:

# ZeroLogon testing script

A Python script that uses the Impacket library to test vulnerability for the Zerologon exploit (CVE-2020-1472).

It attempts to perform the Netlogon authentication bypass. The script will immediately terminate when succesfully 
performing the bypass, and not perform any Netlogon operations. When a domain controller is patched, the detection 
script will give up after sending 2000 pairs of RPC calls and conclude the target is not vulnerable (with a 
false negative chance of 0.04%).

## Installation

Requires Python 3.7 or higher and Pip. Install dependencies as follows:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

Note that running `pip install impacket` should work as well, as long as the script is not broken by future Impacket 
versions.

## Running the script

The script targets can be used to target a DC or backup DC. It likely also works against a read-only DC, but this has 
not been tested. Given a domain controller named `EXAMPLE-DC` with IP address `1.2.3.4`, run the script as follows:

    ./zerologon_tester.py EXAMPLE-DC 1.2.3.4

The DC name should be its NetBIOS computer name. If this name is not correct, the script will likely fail with a 
`STATUS_INVALID_COMPUTER_NAME` error.

A Whitepaper on this vulnerability will be published here: https://www.secura.com/blog/zero-logon on Monday 14 sept.

Commit message:

Optional read CSV with a list of DC's and IP's

README.md, after:

# ZeroLogon testing script

A Python script that uses the Impacket library to test vulnerability for the Zerologon exploit (CVE-2020-1472).

It attempts to perform the Netlogon authentication bypass. The script will immediately terminate when succesfully 
performing the bypass, and not perform any Netlogon operations. When a domain controller is patched, the detection 
script will give up after sending 2000 pairs of RPC calls and conclude the target is not vulnerable (with a 
false negative chance of 0.04%).

## Installation

Requires Python 3.7 or higher and Pip. Install dependencies as follows:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

Note that running `pip install impacket` should work as well, as long as the script is not broken by future Impacket 
versions.

## Running the script

The script targets can be used to target a DC or backup DC. It likely also works against a read-only DC, but this has 
not been tested. Given a domain controller named `EXAMPLE-DC` with IP address `1.2.3.4`, run the script as follows:

    ./zerologon_tester.py EXAMPLE-DC 1.2.3.4

    or

    /zerologon_tester.py -f filename.csv

    with filename.csv being a .csv file with the DC name in column A and the IP in column B

    e.g

    DC1,1.2.3.4
    DC2,5.6.7.8
    etc...

The DC name should be its NetBIOS computer name. If this name is not correct, the script will likely fail with a 
`STATUS_INVALID_COMPUTER_NAME` error.

A Whitepaper on this vulnerability will be published here: https://www.secura.com/blog/zero-logon on Monday 14 sept.
